README.md, before:



# Hello, i'm Zas
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zastrich/zastrich/master/assets/imgs/profile-pic.jpg)

[![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/by-zastrich-red.svg)](https://code200.com.br/) [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)

> My name is Robert but you can call me Zas, I am Brazilian and programmer since 1998 always working with web languages, I grew up in the profession in the same way that the web came to dominate the scene.

[![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Facebook&logoColor=1877F2)](https://fb.com/zastrich) [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Twitter&logoColor=1DA1F2)](https://twitter.com/zastrich) [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linkedin%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=0077B5)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zastrich/)

| Knowledges | Learned | Interested | Extra knowledge |
|--|--|--|--|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-181717.svg?logo=Github&logoColor=ffffff)](https://github.com) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/97/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/500) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript%20-F7DF1E.svg?logo=JavaScript&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.javascript.com) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/97/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/300) | `jquery` `browser extensions`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS%20-339933.svg?logo=Node.Js&logoColor=ffffff)](https://nodejs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/272) | `express` `aws-sdk` `multer` `puppeteer` `mongoose` `axios` `socket.io`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20JS-61DAFB.svg?logo=React&logoColor=ffffff)](https://reactjs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/272) | `router-dom` `axios` `@material-ui` `socket.io` `google-maps` `skeleton loader`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Native-61DAFB.svg?logo=React&logoColor=ffffff)](https://reactnative.dev) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/76/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/324) | `react-navigation` `maps` `skeleton loader` `native base` `stateless components`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Strapi-2E7EEA.svg?logo=Strapi&logoColor=ffffff)](https://strapi.io) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/700) | `cron services` `hooks`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E10098.svg?logo=GraphQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://graphql.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/32) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/200) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-000000.svg?logo=Next.js&logoColor=ffffff)](https://nextjs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/67) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/95) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00.svg?logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.tensorflow.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/48) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/250) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP%205.x-777BB4.svg?logo=PHP&logoColor=ffffff)](https://php.net)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/94/)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/60)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP%207.x-777BB4.svg?logo=PHP&logoColor=ffffff)](https://php.net/)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/71/)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wordpress-21759B.svg?logo=WordPress&logoColor=ffffff)](https://wordpress.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/92)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/120)| `plugins desv` `theme desv` `visual composer extensions`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/WooCommerce-96588A.svg?logo=Woo&logoColor=ffffff)](https://woocommerce.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/86)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)| `extensions` `product imports` `integration`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?logo=Docker&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.docker.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/52)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/200)| `docker-machine`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud-4285F4.svg?logo=Google%20Cloud&logoColor=ffffff)](https://cloud.google.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/24)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20AWS-232F3E.svg?logo=Amazon%20AWS&logoColor=ffffff)](https://aws.amazon.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/32)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1.svg?logo=MySQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.mysql.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/81)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/95)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791.svg?logo=PostgreSQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.postgresql.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/72)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/115)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cassandra-1287B1.svg?logo=Cassandra&logoColor=ffffff)](https://cassandra.apache.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/61)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/100)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57.svg?logo=SQLite&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.sqlite.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/42)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/160)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248.svg?logo=MongoDB&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.mongodb.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/65)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/250)| `mongodb atlas`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC.svg?logo=Visual%20Studio%20Code&logoColor=ffffff)](https://code.visualstudio.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/400)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000.svg?logo=Unity&logoColor=ffffff)](https://unity.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/12)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/270)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E.svg?logo=Figma&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.figma.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/72)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/100)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Photoshop-26C9FF.svg?logo=Adobe%20Photoshop&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/85)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/60)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Illustrator-F37021.svg?logo=Adobe%20Illustrator&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/81)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/67)|
| ![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-B22234.svg?label=Language&labelColor=3C3B6E)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/64)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/120)|

## Available to changes
> Countries I accept to live in:

<img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/ca.svg" alt="Canadá" width="60" /> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/us.svg" alt="EUA" width="60" /> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/au.svg" alt="Austrália" width="60" /> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/pt.svg" alt="Portugal" width="60" /> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/gb.svg" alt="UK" width="60" /> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/ie.svg" alt="Irlanda" width="60" />

##
###### This profile is free to copy

Commit message:

Add companies and more countries

README.md, after:



# Hello, i'm Zas
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zastrich/zastrich/master/assets/imgs/profile-pic.jpg)

[![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/by-zastrich-red.svg)](https://code200.com.br/) [![MIT license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/)

> My name is Robert but you can call me Zas, I am Brazilian and programmer since 1998 always working with web languages, I grew up in the profession in the same way that the web came to dominate the scene.

[![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Facebook&logoColor=1877F2)](https://fb.com/zastrich) [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Twitter&logoColor=1DA1F2)](https://twitter.com/zastrich) [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linkedin%20-000000.svg?style=social&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=0077B5)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zastrich/)

| Knowledges | Learned | Interested | Extra knowledge |
|--|--|--|--|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20-181717.svg?logo=Github&logoColor=ffffff)](https://github.com) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/97/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/500) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript%20-F7DF1E.svg?logo=JavaScript&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.javascript.com) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/97/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/300) | `jquery` `browser extensions`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS%20-339933.svg?logo=Node.Js&logoColor=ffffff)](https://nodejs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/272) | `express` `aws-sdk` `multer` `puppeteer` `mongoose` `axios` `socket.io`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20JS-61DAFB.svg?logo=React&logoColor=ffffff)](https://reactjs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/272) | `router-dom` `axios` `@material-ui` `socket.io` `google-maps` `skeleton loader`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/React%20Native-61DAFB.svg?logo=React&logoColor=ffffff)](https://reactnative.dev) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/76/) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/324) | `react-navigation` `maps` `skeleton loader` `native base` `stateless components`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Strapi-2E7EEA.svg?logo=Strapi&logoColor=ffffff)](https://strapi.io) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/700) | `cron services` `hooks`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/GraphQL-E10098.svg?logo=GraphQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://graphql.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/32) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/200) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-000000.svg?logo=Next.js&logoColor=ffffff)](https://nextjs.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/67) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/95) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00.svg?logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.tensorflow.org) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/48) | ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/250) |
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP%205.x-777BB4.svg?logo=PHP&logoColor=ffffff)](https://php.net)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/94/)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/60)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP%207.x-777BB4.svg?logo=PHP&logoColor=ffffff)](https://php.net/)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/71/)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Wordpress-21759B.svg?logo=WordPress&logoColor=ffffff)](https://wordpress.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/92)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/120)| `plugins desv` `theme desv` `visual composer extensions`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/WooCommerce-96588A.svg?logo=Woo&logoColor=ffffff)](https://woocommerce.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/86)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)| `extensions` `product imports` `integration`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED.svg?logo=Docker&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.docker.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/52)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/200)| `docker-machine`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google%20Cloud-4285F4.svg?logo=Google%20Cloud&logoColor=ffffff)](https://cloud.google.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/24)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon%20AWS-232F3E.svg?logo=Amazon%20AWS&logoColor=ffffff)](https://aws.amazon.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/32)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/90)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1.svg?logo=MySQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.mysql.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/81)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/95)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-336791.svg?logo=PostgreSQL&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.postgresql.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/72)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/115)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cassandra-1287B1.svg?logo=Cassandra&logoColor=ffffff)](https://cassandra.apache.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/61)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/100)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQLite-003B57.svg?logo=SQLite&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.sqlite.org)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/42)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/160)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248.svg?logo=MongoDB&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.mongodb.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/65)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/250)| `mongodb atlas`
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC.svg?logo=Visual%20Studio%20Code&logoColor=ffffff)](https://code.visualstudio.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/82)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/400)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Unity-000000.svg?logo=Unity&logoColor=ffffff)](https://unity.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/12)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/270)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E.svg?logo=Figma&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.figma.com)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/72)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/100)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Photoshop-26C9FF.svg?logo=Adobe%20Photoshop&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.adobe.com/products/photoshop.html)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/85)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/60)|
| [![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Illustrator-F37021.svg?logo=Adobe%20Illustrator&logoColor=ffffff)](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/81)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/67)|
| ![Awesome Badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/English-B22234.svg?label=Language&labelColor=3C3B6E)|![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/64)| ![Progress](https://progress-bar.dev/120)|

## Available to changes
> Countries I accept to live in:


<img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/ca.svg" title="Canadá" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/us.svg" title="EUA" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/au.svg" title="Austrália" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/pt.svg" title="Portugal" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/gb.svg" title="UK" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/ie.svg" title="Irlanda" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/fr.svg" title="França" width="60"/> <img src="https://lipis.github.io/flag-icon-css/flags/4x3/nl.svg" title="Holanda" width="60"/>

> Companies that I would accept to work for:


`Google` `Facebook` `IBM` `Tesla` `Pipefy` `Amazon` `IBM` `Strapi` `Rockstar Games` `Riot Games`

##
###### This profile is free to copy
